In this video, we're going to go through and create a template to show the joke that we've been working
on, so this is going to be the timely view later that we're going to be implementing here.
So remember, we need the timely template that as the movie in MVC.
So we'll go ahead and jump over to anthologized and we'll start adding in this template to show the
joke.
So I'm going to go ahead and close the controller here and I'm going to come over here to resources,
templates.
And if you've checked out of GitHub, you probably don't have the template folder.
So go ahead and create that.
And again, that's default behavior of GitHub to not check in empty directory.
So let's go ahead and come in here.
I'm going to say create a new HTML file and we'll just call this index.
Go ahead and add that so and then the first thing that we want to do is come up here, so we have the
DOCTYPE, Tommo, we need to add in the timely namespace.
And I've cheated a little bit of that to my clipboard and I'm just going to paste that.
And so we can see remember, the HTML is an extension of Ximo.
Here we are using the XML namespace, so we're giving it the, the timely.
This gives us the extensions that timely it works on.
So let's come up here and call this.
So the title of the page to Chuck Norris jokes.
And then what we can do here is we'll just do, say, H1, we're not going to get to elaborate here.
So we'll just do that, then we can come here and we'll use a paragraph tag and I'm just going to do
so.
Show joke here.
So this is just regular e-mail right now.
So now what we want to do is add in the timeless magic.
So come over here to this tag and we're into timely that again, this is, remember, up at the top
there on line two, we're bringing in the timely XML namespace.
So T.H..
And we want to do text now in this text, but we want to do is we're going to use an expression to get
a hold of the model.
So here's our model and what we want to do is joke.
Very simple expression, so this is basically telling time, if I want the property off a model joke
to be inserted into this paragraph tag.
So this show joke here, that text at runtime is going to get replaced.
So let's go ahead and start up our jokes application.
Again, I'm just clicking on start, alternatively, you can come in here on our intelligence and say
run, that will also start it up.
And we can see here that while I was showing you that in the background, we could see that Tomcat started
on Port 80 80.
With context patha nothing, so we'll go right to the root.
So now let's come over to Crome.
At Newtown.
Well, host and get rid of that, so I'm just going to go to localhost aviating.
And we can see here, there's my heading one Chuck Norris joke, and we could see that we have one of
the Chuck Norris jokes there.
I'm not going to read each one here.
And then if I do a refresh, I can see that now we are getting our random jokes displayed here upon
each refresh.
So let's jump over to anthologized real quick.
And I'm going to go ahead and stop this.
We don't need that running, minimize this window and let's go from the bottom up.
So we implemented an interface for the joke service, simple method of joke.
We created an implementation of that service.
So this is going to get hard wired in the Chuck Norris quotes.
And again, to remember, I said that normally I'd make this a spring Manesh component.
We really haven't covered that in the course just yet.
We will.
Coming up.
So how to handle an external property like that?
But here we are wiring in in the constructor, expand this out.
So it's not so confusing.
And the constructor, we are going to initialize the Chuck Norris quotes to a new instance and then
I get joke.
It's just going to be calling a method to get a random quote or joke and use those interchangeably.
I apologize for that.
And then this service, because we annotated with ServiceSource class, is going to become a spring
managed being, so spring is going to create an instance of this in the spring context.
Likewise, the controller that also becomes a spring manager component.
So that controller is going to get wired up.
And because we have a construct around that, the joke service is going to get injected into this class
by spring.
We provided one method here to show the joke.
Again, this is the controller.
So when we have a request coming into the root of the context, this method will get invoked.
We are passing in the model from the that's the M and Spring MVC.
So we are passing in the model here.
We are pending a joke from the joke service to the property of joke, and then we are returning back
the index, a string just simply index and that tells time leave to look for a basically a template
file under templates called index.
So this gets called by the spring MVC to display the joke.
The main things that we had to do here is we had to add in the XML namespace for timely.
And then in our paragraph tag we are using the time leaf tag of context and then requesting the joke
property to be added here in the template.
So at runtime one time, which processes this template, the show joke here will get replaced with the
string value of joke and come back over to Chrom real quick.
And I will commit everything against issue number five, for your reference, so you can see exactly
what was changed in this lesson.